# Guessing-Game-in-Java

If you cannot run JasonsGuessingGame.jar, it is probably because you do not have Java 11 installed. Therefore, I recommend downloading and running JasonsGuessingGame_jre8.jar instead if you have an older version of Java Runtime Envirionment installed on your computer. Linux will have the most updated version 11, but Windows might not have the latest updated version yet. This is why I recommend using the version compiled for JRE 8 instead if you are not sure. 
<br><br> In order to run this executable program, you must have Java installed. If need to install Java, you can download Java from https://www.java.com/en/download/.  
<br><br> If you see this error, <strong>This file does not have an app associated with it for performing this action. Please install an app or, if one is already installed, create an association in the Default Apps Settings page</strong>, then this means that you do not have Java installed more than likely.  <br><br> Java must be installed prior to running any apps compiled in Java, so make sure that you have Java installed prior to downloading and double-clicking on this app to run and play it. 
<br><br> Besides double-clicking on the program to play the guessing game, you can run and open it from the terminal (Linux) or command prompt (Windows) by typing <strong>java -jar /home/(user)/Downloads/JasonsGuessingGame_jre8.jar</strong> and pressing enter as an alternative way of opening and running it, but double-clicking might be easier to running and playing the game rather than typing all of that in the terminal/command prompt.
